So apart from repositories, remember
repositories are talking SQL and models.
Now we need to add, going back to our
structure, the architecture we are here we
have the model and the model repository,
and of course, we have the table.
Now we need the handlers.
So the handlers are the one
that are talking HTTP, okay?
So they can receive data from the client,
they can talk to the repository and
send the data back,
those are the handlers.
So for that, they are large,
not as large as the repository,
but they have some things there.
So of course, I already have
the handlers as well that g2 so
we need to create account handler.
So right now we do have in the handlers,
folder, movie handlers.
So we need now to create account handlers,
dot go.
So here we have this, they're not so
big, but it's still big enough, okay.
So let me move them here, okay,
no errors, which is pretty good.
So something that I started doing,
typically, I'm creating a structure for
the request, the data that I'm
receiving from the client, and
also for the data I'm sending back.
Okay, because that's then we can easily
Marshal and UN Marshal those into JSON.
By the way, Marshall and
non marshaling has to do with JSON
conversion to and from that structure.
So, for example, for
authentication, so logging,
we have the email and the password
that we are getting from the user.
For registration, we have name,
email and password, and
the response is actually success,
the bool and add an optional message.
That's right now what we
are responding later,
maybe we will add something else, but for
now, that will be good enough, and we use
also this idea of creating a structure
that will have the storage and the logger.
The storage is the previous data
repository that we created.
We have the same UTD function
that we used before.
Actually, we can even reuse the same one
that we have from the other handlers.
This is the one that is writing
the JSON response with the header and
everything that is needed.
This is handling errors, so
if we have any errors that it's coming
back from the data repository and
doing things differently, okay?
So, for example,
if we have an error on authentication
validation on the user already exists, or
registration validation, so
this is we couldn't register you.
Let me do this.
So, we could register you,
you already exist in the database,
so I can register you.
Or if there is any login problem,
I'm just responding to the client
with status on authorize.
That's a probably well known 401.
So when you are trying to access
something on the web, and
you see a 401 that means you don't
have access to that unauthorized.
So we couldn't do that, okay.
That's one option,
there are other developers that
are just always returning 200, and
then they have an internal code.
But by default, I mean,
if it's not one of the well known errors,
I'm just sending an internal server error.
I mean, if the database is down,
if the query couldn't be executed,
whatever happens that is not
one of the well known errors.
I will just say internal error,
okay, and I'm sending 500.
That is, I don't know what happened,
so okay.
Then we have the handlers one by one for
registration.
The only thing that the handlers need
to do is they need to decode the body.
So we are going to send from the client,
that we haven't done this so
far, we need to send from the client
data in the body in the form of json.
And then in the backend we
need to receive that json,
decode the json into our option,
in this case,
is the register request that
actually is this structure.
So the JSON should have name,
email, password, and
this is going to populate
an instance of this value, or
a value of this structure with name, email
and password, with capital letters, okay.
That's make sense?
So we populate this we
were here on register, and
then we call our storage and
see what happens.
And based on if there is an error or
not, we are just sending the response
back to the writer that is actually their
HTTP response that goes back to the user.
Okay, does it make sense?
Login is something similar actually,
we are getting the data,
also working with the body, and
sending that to our storage or
the entity, okay, and that's all we have.
So those are the hamsters, any question?
On the process or
everything that needs to be done here.
It's not working yet because we need
to register these hundreds server side.
And of course we need to then call
them from the client, okay, but, yeah,
let's go step by step.
So now, we need to go to main.go,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Main.go,
and at some point,
we were creating the movie repository,
so we need to do something similar for
the account repository, okay?
So we need to initialize
the account repository for users.
So we are going to create
another variable, account repo,
with the error we call data
new account repository.
It needs a database and a log instance,
it's similar to the previous one.
And if we do have an error,
we will do fatal, low, oops,
that fatal with format failed.
Actually, we're not sending any value,
so any format failed to initialize.
This is the account rep repository, and
this is the movie repository,
I know I have two parentheses there.
Now it's completely because I'm
not using it, which is okay.
Because now I have the movie handler,
I need to create the account handler and
say it's gonna be
handlers.new account handler.
And I'm going to patch the repo and
the log in, okay, like that.
So I'm now creating instances
of everything I have done.
So we have the data repository,
we have the handlers,
and then I need to register the URLs.
Dot load, so handle func, and
we will have API account register, and
that goes to the account handler,
dot register, I wanna call that handler.
Handlefunk API account,
it can be login, or
it can be authentication or
authenticate or whatever,
just try to keep consistent with this,
like so.